Hello, and welcome to Python for
everybody.
I'm your instructor, I'm Charles Severance
from the University of Michigan School of
Information, and I've been teaching
this course for a long time.
From the beginning, I set out to create
a different kind of programming class.
This is not intended to be
a first computer science class.
This is intended to be
exposing you to the joy and
happiness that I feel
when I write software.
I think software is wonderful.
I think it's creative, I think it's fun.
There's no prerequisites to this course.
You don't have to know math to start it.
I'm not in a hurry in this class.
Most programming classes are stuck with 15
weeks and they got to teach you something.
I'm going to teach you something I think
that you're going to love and feel joyful
about and enjoy, and it's going to take
you as long as it's going to take.
because really what I want to do is
prepare you to take your next programming
course, not necessarily be
your first programming course.
I want your first programming
course to be a successful one.
And I want to teach you that which you're
going to be successful in your next
course.
Even though I say it's easy and
you should take your time,
I understand that you
might find it frustrating.
I'll tell you, I've been doing this for
a very long time,
and if I'm working on something new or
different,
some new feature in a new language,
I can get just as frustrated as you.
The thing you got to learn about your
frustration when you're learning to
program is it's not because it's hard,
it's because you don't get it yet.
And afterwards, you're like,
how was I confused about that?
This actually happened to me when I was
learning object orientation in PHP.
I probably was six to eight months that
I would look at the code and I'm like,
what are they doing here?
And I got ten languages that I know and
I couldn't look at it and I was getting so
mad and I would spend like an hour
to read the documentation and
it didn't make any sense to me.
And at one point,
just before I gave up, I looked at it.
I'm like, their underlying model is very
similar to the Java underlying model.
And then all of a sudden,
in an instance, everything changed.
And I'm like,
how was I ever confused about that?
And so for you, you're going to
feel that both sides of it,
you're going to feel like I'm confused and
you're going to feel
like a week later you're going to say,
I'm not confused.
And why was I ever confused,
you're the same person.
Last week you were confused,
this week you're fully understanding.
That's how learning programming is.
If, for example, you get stuck and
you're frustrated, get some help.
But my favorite strategy is to back up and
try again, this is not a race.
You get many attempts at this.
A student will be like,
I'm having trouble with chapter 5.
And I'm like, how about you go back and
look at chapter 3 and then 4 and
then come back to 5?
Because if you're having
trouble with chapter 5,
that probably means you did
pretty good in chapter 3.
So you go back and you're like,
this is easy, I know this stuff.
And then you do three again.
And then you go to four and like,
yeah, that's easy, I did this stuff.
And then you go to 5, and
guess what, it's easy.
It was easy before, it's easy now.
But now you're walking
in with a sense of like,
I'm confident because you just finished
four and you're walking into 5,
which you half know, but
now you're strong enough to know it.
So mastering stuff and
not necessarily trying to rush from
beginning to end is really important.
Another important part about
my commitment to teaching
this course is that I don't just
want you to take this course,
I want you to take this course, literally.
The materials in this course are free,
available under open-source and
Creative Commons licenses.
And you can literally,
if you're a teacher, take these materials.
People have translated these materials
into many languages because they're
free and then teach their
courses in Greek or Polish or
whatever language that they translate them
in because I give them the materials.
There are over 400 classes around the
country at any given time that are using
these same materials to
teach their courses.
And so this is a real joyful thing for
me, right?
I put out a video a little while back for
this course, and
I got a comment that said,
I was your student and
now I'm a teacher and I love this course.
And then another person
went below that and said,
I'm that person's student,
and now I'm a teacher.
And I'm like, how lucky am I to have
built something that goes out and
helps people's lives and
makes their lives better?
And so
that's a big part of the free materials.
You may have to pay to get a certificate,
but the materials are always free.
So the name of this course is Python for
Everybody with the word everybody
underlined and emphasized.
This course is teaching programming to
anyone, regardless of how old you are,
regardless how much prior experience
you are, regardless of how much
money you have, regardless of any
disability that you may have.
This course is for you,
and it's for everybody.
So welcome, I hope you enjoy the course.
I hope someday I'll see you face
to face at one of my office hours,
which you'll sort of see
scattered throughout the course.
And again, good luck, and
welcome to the course.